get-appxpackage *3dbuilder* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *alarms* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *appconnector* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *appinstaller* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *communicationsapps* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *calculator* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *camera* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *feedback* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *officehub* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *getstarted* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *skypeapp* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *zunemusic* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *zune* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *maps* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *messaging* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *solitaire* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *wallet* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *connectivitystore* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *bingfinance* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *bing* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *zunevideo* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *bingnews* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *onenote* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *oneconnect* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *mspaint* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *people* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *commsphone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *windowsphone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *phone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *photos* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *bingsports* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *sticky* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *sway* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *3d* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *soundrecorder* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *bingweather* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *holographic* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *windowsstore* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage *xbox* | remove-appxpackage
